1.9 release docs (#329)
kubefirst/kubefirst: docs/kubefirst/gitlab/destroy.md

# Teardown

## Step 1: `~/.kubefirst`

> If you just recently ran install from your localhost, you'll already have the file on your localhost at `~/.kubefirst` that's needed to destroy. If you don't have this file locally, you'll need to download it from your s3 bucket that was created during provisioning and add it to your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just recently ran an install from your localhost, you'll already have the file on your localhost at `~/.kubefirst` that is needed to destroy. If you don't have this file locally, you'll need to download it from your S3 bucket that was created during provisioning and add it to your home directory.
```
